# Xenia Deisadze - Project 1 Sprint 4
I based Sprint 4 on your previous solutions since I had missed Sprint 2 and Sprint 3.

* **How to Run the Program:**
To run the GUI application, run the main.py file. Scroll through the list, find a job you like, click on it, and press the "Select Job" button. The job you selected will be saved to the database. 
Click on the "Enter Personal Info" button. Enter info for a user profile and press "Save". The user info will be saved to the database. 
To access user profiles, press on the "Select User" button. Scroll through the list, select a user profile, and click on "Ok". The user profile you selected will be saved to the database. 
To generate a resume and cover letter, run the ResumeMain.py file which is found under the ResumeGeneration folder. It will generate a cover letter and resume using the user profile and job you selected. The program will create both an md and a pdf file under Resume Generation for both the cover letter and the resume. 
Run the tests last. The files that are generated by main.py and ResumeMain.py are needed for the tests to run succesfully


* **Tests:**
test_llm_query() tests the response from the LLM when it's queried. I couldn't find a way to get the status code from genai.
test_prompt_contains_info() tests if the prompt has the correct job description and user info.
test_pdf_generated() tests if pdf files were successfully generated and placed in the ResumeGeneration folder.


* **Libraries:**
Since, I created Sprint 4 based on your previous solutions, there aren't too many additional libraries/changes.
But, I did import md2pdf from md2pdf.core. I had to go through the WeasyPrint installation process to get this library to work
(https://doc.courtbouillon.org/weasyprint/stable/first_steps.html#installation)

